Add functionality to clean up superseded agents (#21)
OctopusDeploy/TeamCityCloudAgentUpdater: README.md

# TeamCityCloudAgentUpdater

> When building a new teamcity agent image (e.g., via [packer](packer.io)), once it's built, you need to tell TeamCity to start using it.
> 
> This is a simple NodeJS app that can:
> 1. updates TeamCity Cloud Agents images and disable any agents that are running that are based on the old image
> 2. remove any agents that were disabled during update that are no longer running a build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a new TeamCity agent image (e.g., via [packer](packer.io)), is built, you need to tell TeamCity to start using it. This is a simple NodeJS app that can:
1. updates TeamCity Cloud Agents images and disable any agents that are running that are based on the old image
2. remove any agents that were disabled during update that are no longer running a build
```

Author: ```suggestion
When a new TeamCity agent image is built (e.g., via [packer](packer.io)), you need to tell TeamCity to start using it. 

This is a simple NodeJS app that can:
1. update TeamCity Cloud Agents images and disable any agents that are running that are based on the old image
2. remove any agents that were disabled during update that are no longer running a build
```

## Usage

> To update a cloud profile (whenever you have a new agent):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have a new agent, update the cloud profile:
```

```
node index.js [update-cloud-image] --token XXXXX --server https://teamcity.example.com --image ami-XXXXXXX --cloudprofile "AWS Agents" --agentprefix "Ubuntu" [--dryrun]
```

To remove any agents that were disabled as part of the update, and are no longer running a build (run on a schedule):
```
node index.js remove-disabled-agents --token XXXXX --server https://teamcity.example.com [--dryrun]
```

> The `--dryrun` flag allows you to check what actions the script would have taken with out any real modifications.

Author: Nah, not a fan. To me, that reads "here's some info that doesn't make sense until you read the following part".

It's in example command as an optional field, so I'm happy where it is.
